Release notes for 2024.2 release (#2389)
pymor/pymor: docs/source/release_notes/2024.2.rst

much more efficient practice, this approach only supports Euclidean inner
products so far, and there are no guarantees on its failure probability.

Recalculated shifted Cholesky QR algorithm
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
We implemented a version of the Shifted Cholesky QR algorithm in
`[#2304] <https://github.com/pymor/pymor/pull/2304>`_, in which the shift is
recalculated in every iteration. The algorithms works reliably even for highly
ill-conditioned matrices.

Improved handling of time-dependent parameter values
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The concept of time-dependent parameter values was improved and made clearer
`[#2385] <https://github.com/pymor/pymor/pull/2385>`_. There is now a strict distinction
between constant values and time-dependent values. In particular, code that is not aware
of time-dependent parameter values will no longer silently fail when such values are
provided.

Backward incompatible changes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Dropped Python 3.8 support
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Support for Python version 3.8 was dropped `[#2358] <https://github.com/pymor/pymor/pull/2358>`_.

> The latest tested version is now Python 3.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The oldest tested version is now Python 3.9.
```

Reviewer 2: Thank! Actually, I'd prefer

```suggestion
The oldest supported version is now Python 3.9.
```
